Make sure you have the following:
- obj file for the mesh
- png file for its texture

Setting up tracking:

1. Decide on a suffix to name all your files with such as "patientMesh"

2. Name the obj file "meshDefinition_{suffix}.obj"

3. Name the png file "textureDefinition_{suffix}.png"

4. Copy the files from 2 and 3 into the folder "input"
	that is in the root of the live tracker folder
	- DO NOT PUT THE MTL FILE INTO THIS FOLDER

5. When starting the live tracker, pick the obj file and it 
		will automatically select the png file for the texture
		
6. Position the camera where you would like and click "O" (the letter)
		to save the camera position

7. Press J to enable point picking. 

8. Pick on the calibration points as precisely as possible. Press T when
		you have selected one to save it

9. On the last calibration point, press T twice to save the fixed points to a file

10. Press V to save the fixed points and camera coordinates to the same
		folder as where the OBJ file and PNG file are


Tracking after doing setup:

1. Start the live tracking app

2. Select the obj file containing the mesh

3. If the steps above were successful, then the camera should be positioned
	as desired and there should be little red boxes at the desired
	calibration points.
	
Doing scale calibration:

1. Measure the real world distance between the points

2. Find the virtual distance between the points. This can be accomplished by making
		paths between the individual paths and seeing the length from start to end point

3. Find out the (virtualDistance)/(realDistance) ratio and put it into the scale factor
		field in the properties file

Doing Rotation Calibration:

1. Put the probe on a calibration point
2. Press B
3. Click the calibration point you are on
4. Move the probe to another calibration point
5. Click the calibration point moved to
6. The rotation quaternion will be in the calibration results text file generated in the output folder
7. If the result was good, then put the quaternion into the calibration properties file for the mesh